Fix default SSL settings for postgresql_server_resource (#17889)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/postgresql_server.html.markdown

* `restore_point_in_time` - (Optional) When `create_mode` is `PointInTimeRestore` the point in time to restore from `creation_source_server_id`. 

> * `ssl_enforcement_enabled` - (Optional) Specifies if SSL should be enforced on connections. Defaults to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ssl_enforcement_enabled` - (Required) Specifies if SSL should be enforced on connections.
```
